Add new size variant to input field component (#3606)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/Input/Input.mdx

<Story of={Stories.Validations} />

## Component variations

### Sizes

<Story of={Stories.Sizes} />

The input component supports 2 different sizes:

- Inputs are medium-sized (`m`) by default. Medium is suitable for most use cases.

> - The small size (`s`) is to better utilise limited space in certain contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Size `m`: the default size and suitable for most use cases.
- Size `s`: to optimize layouts where space is limited.
```
